 I think my personal advice to you and me this year 1981 reach
 inside you and come up with some more of those remarkable human gifts.
 They're there, waiting to be...
 And then change anything for you you want to change and I challenge you to do that because you could change see you don't
 have to be the same again after tonight only by choice. Starting tomorrow, what are you going to do?
 It'll make a change in your life's direction.
 Good question!
 What are you going to do starting tomorrow that'll make a difference?
 Now see if you don't do something starting tomorrow...
 It'll make a difference guess what it's gonna be the same and see that way you can guess what the next five years are gonna be like
 Last five because the next five are going to be like the last five unless you made your key tomorrow change it all
 change a little change something don't change it's choice time you can do whatever
 you want but it's nice to know any day you
 that you can change it all up.
 I think my personal advice to you would be, this year, 1981, reach and have...
 inside. You can come up with more of those departmental human gifts. They're there waiting for you.
 and then change anything for you and you want to change.
 I challenge you to do that because you can change. See you.
 You don't ever have to be in the same again after tonight only by choice.
 Starting tomorrow, what are you going to do?
 that'll make a change in your life's direction.
 Good question.
 What are you going to do starting tomorrow
 that'll make a difference?
 Now see if you don't do something starting tomorrow.
 tomorrow that will make a difference, guess what?
 It's gonna be the same.
 And see that way, you can guess what the next five years
 are gonna be like.
 last five because the next five are gonna be like the last five unless you made your key tomorrow change it all
 or change a little, or change something, or don't change,
 it's choice time.
 You can pull it out if you want.
 It's nice to know any day you...
 I wish you could change her whole life.
 tonight, one on one, just you and me. I think my personal advice to you would be, this year, 1981, reach the out...
 inside you and come up with some more of those remarkable human gifts. They're there waiting to be able to
 It didn't change anything for you. You want to change and I challenge you to do that because you can just see you don't
 have to be the same again after tonight only by choice. Starting tomorrow, what are you going to do?
 will make a change in your life's direction. Good question. What are you going to do starting tomorrow that will make a difference?
 Now see if you don't do something starting tomorrow...
 that'll make a difference, guess what?
 It's gonna be the same.
 And see that way you can guess
 what the next five years are gonna be like.
 The next five are going to be like the last five unless you made your key tomorrow change it all
 a little or change something or don't change it's choice time you can do whatever you want but
 it's nice to know anything you wish you
 It could change it all, right?
 Microsoft said an incredibly valuable company, I think around 2000 this week's change.
 world's most valuable company. Before you make the dream come true, you did have to build a company that would last.
 week-by-week, corner-by-quarter, all of us focused on hardware, you were focused on software and the business, but you also...
 But there were certain skills that you needed help in addressing and the early dates. I tried doing everything and I'm so worried
 having enough revenue that even products that were done I would go to these Japanese companies
 and say hey we'll do this and we'll customize it for you.
 that, and we were falling behind. And so the ability to hire enough people, Steve, although
 different than me, also has that I'm
 amazing amount of energy so I knew I needed Steve to come that he drops out business school and that's a huge
 milestone for Microsoft because his ability to think about how we organize
 and how we hired people and then later...
 in some adults like John Shirley for cadet-like peoples, Steve is key to letting us really
 scale up.
 You know what? You can use the AI in all the departments.
 I challenge you, not in finance.
 Have you really used pixel with Claude?
 I can't share my data
 You know there is something called volumetric which you can install LLMs in your local machine and the data level is...
 I was getting full technical support.
 You know what, that's what it is.
 I think it's too basic and perfect.
 I'm not going to get you on, please.
 inside of you and come up with some more of those remarkable human
 It didn't change anything for you.
 you want to change. And I challenge you to do that because you can change. See, you don't
 ever have to be the same.
 I'll see you again after tonight, only by choice.
 Starting tomorrow, what are you...
 It'll make a change in your life's direction.
 Good question!
 What are you going to do starting tomorrow that will make a difference?
 Now see if you don't do something starting tomorrow that will make a difference.
 guess what? It's gonna be the same and see that way you can guess what the next five years are
 gonna be like. Look at the last part.
 to the next five are going to be like the last five unless you need to change it all or change a little
 Change something or don't change. It's choice time. You can do whatever you want.
 It's nice to know any day you want.
 So if I had a word with you tonight...
 I think my personal advice to you would be...
 This year 1981 reached an hour inside of you and come
 with some more of those remarkable human gifts. You're there, waiting to be utilized.
 and then change anything for you you want to change.
 And I challenge you to do that because you can change.
 you don't ever have to be the same again, Mr. Tonight, only by choice. Starting tomorrow...
 What are you going to do it'll make a change in your life's direction good question? What are you going to do starting tomorrow?
 Now see, if you don't do something starting tomorrow, it'll make a difference, guess what?
 It's gonna be the same.
 And see that?
 You can guess what the next five years are going to be like look at the last five because the next five
 We're going to be like the last five unless you made your key
 Tomorrow change it all or change a little or change something or don't change. It's choice time. You can do whatever you want
 It's nice to know any day you wish you could change your whole life.
 So if I had a word with you...
 Just you and me. I think my personal advice to you would be...
 This year, 1981, reached out inside you.
 and come up with some more of those remarkable stupid gifts.
 They're there, waiting to be utilized.
 It didn't change anything for you, you want to change.
 And I challenge you to do that because you've been...
 See you don't ever have to be the same again after tonight, only by choice.
 starting tomorrow what are you going to do? It will make a change in your life's direction.
 Good question. What are you going to do starting tomorrow that will make a difference?
 Now see, if you don't do something starting tomorrow that will make a difference, guess what?
 gonna be the same and see that way you can guess what the next five years are going to be like.
 Look at the last five years. The next five years are going to be like
 And if you like the last 5, but less, you, make your key tomorrow, change it all.
 Or change a little, or change something, or...
 Don't change. It's choice time. You can do whatever you want.
 But it's nice to know anything you wish you could change your whole life.
 Hi, one-on-one.
 just you would be. I think my personal advice to you would be this year
 1981 reach down inside you and come up with
 more of those remarkable human gifts.
 They're there, waiting to be utilized.
 And...
 I didn't change anything for you, you want to change.
 And I challenge you to do that because you can change.
 See, you don't...
 ever have to be the same again after tonight only by choice starting tomorrow what are you going to do?
 will make a change in your life's direction. Good question. What are you going to do starting
 tomorrow that will make a difference?
 Now see, if you don't do something starting tomorrow, it'll make a difference, guess what?
 It's gonna be the same!
 And see that way you can guess what the next five years are going to be like.
 Look at the last five, because the next five are going to be like the last five.
 Unless you made your key tomorrow, change it all.
 Or change a little, or change something, or don't change-
 It's choice time. You can do whatever you want.
 But it's nice to know any day you wish you could change it, alright?
 Hello, this is Tess.
 a technical detail.
 Audio detection must
 active rule time.
 Audio detection must active full time.
 Thank you very much.
 I had it work
 tonight one-on-one. My personal advice to you is...
 This year, 1981 reached down inside of you.
 And come up with some more of those remarkable human gifts.
 They're there, waiting to be brought up.
 It didn't change anything for you. You want to change and I challenge you to do that because
 As you can see, you don't ever have to be in the same again after tonight, only by choice.
 Starting tomorrow, what are you going to do?
 It'll make a change in your life's direction.
 Good.
 What are you going to do starting tomorrow that will make a difference?
 Now see if you don't do something
 starting to.
 Thank you very much.
 Good question. What are you gonna do starting tomorrow that'll make a difference?
 I'm just gonna save you a lot of me.
 powerful people, the person who talks.
 This memorial house is especially dangerous in A.I. and T.E.R.I.
 It's just so fast.
 But the thing with washing hands,
 it's like, how soft it is.
 It's just so soft.
 So make sure that if you are going to consume content that you're consuming, maybe 20%
 Historial Hell is a special...
 dangerous in AI engineering because it's so fast. But the thing with watching videos is that you can watch
 someone like me and you'll feel like you're learning something and then you know what
 you're doing then as soon as you actually have to do it yourself
 So make sure that if you are going to consume content that you're consuming maybe 20% of the time the other 80% of the time you're
 writing code, building, working on your own, making mistakes, watch a tutorial, and then
 go and try to replicate it yourself. It's been five times the amount of time.
 The thing with watching videos is that
 you can watch someone like me and you'll feel like you're learning something and
 that you know what you're doing then as soon as you actually have to
 do it yourself, you're completely lost. So make sure that if you are going to consume content
 that you're consuming maybe 20% of the time, the other 80% of the time.
 Real health is especially dangerous at AI.
 It's clearly because...
 But the thing with watching videos is that you can watch someone like me and you'll feel like you're
 learning something and that you know what you're doing, then as soon as you actually
 have to do it yourself, you're completely lost.
 sure that if you are going to consume content at this thing maybe 80% of the time, the other
 80% of the time you're actually writing code building.
 working on your own, making mistakes.
 And we'll get you to sleep one on one.
 Just you and me. I think my first look was just you and me. This year in 1981-
 and reach out inside of you, and come up with some more of those remarks.
 They're there, waiting to be utilized, and then change and...
 thing for you you want to change and I challenge you to do that because you
 can change see you don't ever
 to be the same again after tonight, only by choice.
 Starting tomorrow, what are you going to do?
 It'll make it-
 change in your life's direction.
 Good question. What are you going to do starting tomorrow that will make a difference?
 Now see if you don't do something starting tomorrow that will make a difference.
 difference guess what it's gonna be the same and see that way you can guess what
 the next five years are gonna be like look at the last
 Because the next five are going to be like the last five, unless you made your key tomorrow, change it all. Or change a little...
 or change something, or don't change, it's choice time! You can do whatever you want!
 It's nice to know any day you wish you could change your old...
 tonight one-on-one.
 I think my personal advice to you would be this year
 1981 rates down inside you and come up with some
 more of those remarkable human gifts.
 They're there, waiting to be utilized.
 I didn't change anything for you, you want the change.
 And I challenge you to do that because you can change.
 See, you don't.
 will ever have to be the same again for tonight only by Joss. Starting tomorrow, what are you going to do?
 It'll make a change in your life's direction.
 Good question!
 What are you going to do starting tomorrow that'll make a difference?
 Now see, if you don't do something starting tomorrow, it'll make a difference. Guess what?
 It's gonna be the same.
 And see that way, you can guess what the next five years are going to be like.
 Look at the last five, because the next five are going to be like the last five.
 Unless you made your key tomorrow, change it all.
 Change a little, or change something, or don't change-
 It's choice time. You can do whatever you want.
 It's nice to know any day you wish you could change it all.
 It's Toriel Hells especially.
 dangerous in AI and hearing, because this is so dangerous.
 But the thing with watching videos is that you can watch someone...
 Like you'll feel like you're learning something and they know what you're doing but as soon as you actually have to do it yourself
 So make sure that if you are gonna consume content that you're consuming maybe 20% of the time the other 80%
 time we're actually writing code, you'll be working on your own making mistakes,
 watch the tutorial, and then go and-
 Try to replicate it yourself.
 It's been five times the amount of tutorial
 doing tutorial on health care.
 for your health.
 Historial health is a special-
 So fast but the thing with watching videos is that you can watch
 someone like me and you'll feel like you're learning something and they know what you're
 doing, but as soon as you actually have to do it yourself...
 So make sure that if you are going to consume content that you're consuming maybe 20% of the time, the other 80%
 percent of the time, we're actually writing code, building, working on your own making mistakes.
 Watch the tutorial and then
 Go and try to replicate it yourself. It's been five times the amount of tutorial doing it.
 you
 Have a sweet time.
 This year, 1981.
 and come up with some more.
 I had a word with you.
 tonight, one on one.
 Yes, I had it worked.
 to you tonight.
 I think my first-
 This year, 19-
 and come up with
 See you in the kids.
 There!
 We need to be a-
 You are.
 I didn't.
 change anything for you.
 You won't change.
 one-on-one. It's a shooting.
 I think my personal advice to you would be...
 This year, 1981 reads...
 You can come up with more of this remark.
 they're there
 If they're changing-
 anything for you you want to change.
 You don't ever have to be the same.
 Tonight's only by choice
 Make a change in your life.
 Good question.
 What are you going to do?
 starting tomorrow that will make a difference.
 I'll see if you don't do something starting tomorrow.
 little make a difference guess what it's gonna
 be the same and see the
 That way you can guess what the next five years are going to be like.
 Look at the last part because I
 The next five are going to be like the last five.
 Unless you made your key tomorrow.
 the bloodbots to you would be.
 This year, Nike.
 huge
 and come up with more of this remarkable...
 human gifts they're there waiting to be utilized and then change anything for you you want to change
 and i challenge you to do that because you can change see you don't ever have to be the same again
 after tonight only by choice
 So if I hadn't worked it...
 tonight one-on-one.
 I think my personal advice to you...
 This year, 1981.
 reach down inside.
 of you and come up with some...
 for those remarkable human gifts.
 They're there, waiting to be utilized.
 I didn't change anything for you. You want to change.
 And I challenge you to do that because you can do it.
 See, you don't ever have to...
 be the same again after tonight.
 only by choice. Starting tomorrow, what are you going to do? It'll make a change in your
 life's direction. Good question. What are you going to do starting tomorrow that'll make
 a difference? Now see if you don't do something tomorrow that'll make a difference, guess what?
 It's going to be the same. And see that way you can guess what the next five years
 are going to be like. Look at the last five. Because the next five are going to be like
 the last five unless you made your key tomorrow, change it all. Change a little, change
 something. Don't change. It's choice time. You can do whatever you want. It's nice to know
 any day you wish you could change it all up.
 It's the worst thing that happened.
 because if you don't
 Um, suddenly
 I don't know what's the sense of...
 What is it?
 that actually happen.
 in the land of success.
 Sometimes it's a lot.
 Sometimes it's something that
 that you did.
 And you only think-
 I think I'm going to be a success.
 You get drunk on it.
 More, more, more.
 Thank you.
 smarter you are, harder it is.
 There was a study on tax
 Professions researchers gave
 complex tax code and problems to...
 to your students and see.
 in CPAs when the rules...
 change just a little, the expert.
 feel three times more often.
 in the students because the experts
 We're so certain, all you know.
 As you see, I called it proficient.
 Action plan here.
 the scientist.
 Feed your beliefs.
 as high-density, raw next-
 Experiments update your beliefs
 to update at the smarter you are.
 It's harder.
 There was a study that on t-
 professionals, researchers, gay...
 complex tax code problems.
 Oh, two dear students, and...
 season CPAs when the rule
 It's just a little expert.
 They'll three times more often.
 than the students because the experts
 We're so certain.
 There was a study on tax professions. Researchers gave complex tax code and problems to both
 two dear students and seasoned CPAs. When the rules changed just a little, the experts
 failed three times more often than they did.
 I had a word with you tonight, what I'm just doing, I think my personal advice to you,
 looking this year in 1981, reach inside of you and come up with some more of those remarkable human gifts.
 They're there, waiting to be utilized.
 Eat anything for you, you-
 And I challenge you to do that because you can check.
 See, you don't ever have to be the same.
 again, tonight only by choice. Starting tomorrow, what are you going to do?
 Now see if you don't do something starting tomorrow that will make a difference.
 guess what it's gonna be the same and see that way you can guess what the next five years are going to be
 Look at the last one, doesn't it?
機報好了喔,借一隻刀
 or change a little or change something or don't change, it's choice time, you can do whatever you want.
 You want to change.
 And I challenge you to do that because you can change.
 See, you don't ever have to be the same again after tonight.
 by Joyce. Starting tomorrow, what are you going to do? It'll make a change in your
 life's direction. Good question. What are you going to do starting tomorrow that will make a difference?
 Now see if you don't do something...
 starting tomorrow it'll make a difference guess what it's gonna be the same
 See that way you can guess what the next five years are going to be like.
 Look at the last five, because the next five are going to be like the last...
 Fast fives, but less. You, major key, tomorrow, change it all.
 Or change a little, or change something, or don't change, it's choice time.
 You can do whatever you want, but it's nice to know any day you wish you can change your whole life.
 So if I had a word with you tonight, one on one.
 Just you and me. I think my personal advice to you would be, this year, 1981, reach down inside of the...
 you, and come up with some more of those remarkable human gifts.
 They're there waiting for you.
 to be utilized and then change anything for you you want to change and I
 challenge you to do that because you can change see you don't ever
 to be the same again after tonight, only by choice. Starting tomorrow, what are you going
 to do?
 So if I had a word
 tonight one-on-one just you and me I think my personal advice to you
 This year, 1981 reached out inside of you.
 and come up with some more of those remarkable human gifts.
 They're there, waiting to be utilized.
 It didn't change anything for you. You want to change and I challenge you to do that because you
 See, you don't ever have to be the same again, after tonight, only by choice.
 Starting tomorrow, what are you going to do that will make a change in your life's direction?
 Good question. What are you going to do starting tomorrow that will make a difference?
 Now see, if you don't do something starting tomorrow that will make a difference, guess what?
 It's going to be...
 And see that way you can guess what the next five years are going to be like.
 Look at the last five.
 Because the next five are going to be like the last five or less.
 Just you.
 Make your key.
 Tomorrow.
 Change it all.
 Or change a little.
 Or change something.
 Or don't change.
 It's choice time.
 You can do whatever you want.
 But it's nice to know any day you wish you could change her whole life.
 you with me. I think my personal advice to you...
 you would be. This year, 1981, reached down inside of you.
 And come up with some more of those remarkable human gifts. They're there waiting to be
 and then change anything for you you want to change.
 And I challenge you to do that because you can change.
 See, you don't ever have to be...
 the same again, after tonight, only by choice. Starting tomorrow, what are you going to do?
 It'll make a change in your life's direction.
 Good question. What are you going to do starting tomorrow that'll make a difference?
 Now see, if you don't do something starting tomorrow that'll make a difference, guess what?
 It's gonna...
 Be the same.
 And see that way you can guess what the next five years are going to be like.
 Look at the last five.
 Because the next five are going to be like the last five.
 Unless you made your key tomorrow, change it all.
 Or change a little, or change something, or don't change.
 It's choice time.
 You can do whatever you want.
 It's nice to know any day you wish you could change your old life.
 So if I had a word with you tonight, one on one, just you and me.
 I think my personal advice to you would be, this year in 1981, reach home inside you!
 and come up with some more of those remarkable human gifts.
 They're there, waiting to be utilized.
 And then change anything for you, you won't-
 change. And I challenge you to do that because you can change. See, you don't ever have to be
 the same again after tonight, only by choice.
 starting tomorrow, what are you going to do?
 It'll make a change in your life's direction.
 Good question.
 What are you going to do starting tomorrow
 that'll make a difference?
 So if I had a word-
 with you tonight. One on one. Just you and me.
 I think my personal advice to you would be...
 This year, 1981, we're each down.
 side of you and come up with
 some more of those remarkable human gifts.
 There waiting to be utilized and then change
 anything for you you want to change and I challenge you to
 do that because you can change.
 See, you don't ever have...
 To be the same again after tonight
 by Joyce. Starting tomorrow, what
 what you're going to do that'll make a change in your...
 life's direction. Good question. What are you going to do?
 starting tomorrow, that'll make a difference.
 Now see if you don't do...
 something starting tomorrow that'll make a difference, guess what?
 gonna be the same
 And see that way you can guess what the next five years are going to be like.
 Look at the last five because the next five
 We're gonna be like the last five, but less you.
 Get your key tomorrow, change it all, or change a li-
 I changed something. I don't change.
 It's choice time. You can do whatever you want.
 Just you and me.
 I think my question is right.
 you would be. This year, 1981, reach down and side you.
 come up with some more of those remarkable human gifts.
 They're there, waiting to be...
 and then change anything for you you want to change.
 When I challenge you to do-
 do that because you can change it. See, you don't ever have to be the same again for tonight,
 only by joy.
 Starting tomorrow, what are you going to do that'll make a change in your life's direction? Good question. What are you going to do starting tomorrow?
 it'll make a difference. Now see if you don't do something starting tomorrow that'll make
 a difference, guess what? It's gonna be the same. And see that way you can
 Yes, what the next five years are going to be like.
 Look at the last five.
 Because the next five are going to be like the last five,
 unless you, major key, tomorrow, change it all.
 If I had a word with you tonight, one on one.
 Just you and me. I think my first advice to you is...
 This year, 1981, reached...
 Inside of you
 and come up with some more of those remarkable human gifts.
 You're there, waiting to be utilized.
 And then-
 change anything for you you want to change
 I challenge you to do that because you can change.
 See, you don't ever...
 That would have to be the same again after tonight.
 И надо быть сломанным, чтобы мать красивой гейс.
 And then change and you-
 Yeah, we'll see you in the next episode. See you to-
 That would often be the same again.
 Night only by choice.
 Starting to-
 What are you going to do that'll make a change?
 in your life's direction.
 Good question.
 What are you going to do?
 to do starting tomorrow that will make a difference.
 If you don't do something starting tomorrow, it'll make a difference.
 guess what it's gonna be the same
 And see that way you can guess what the next five years are gonna be.
 be like look at the last five because the next
 We're going to be like the last five for less.
 Change a little, or change something, or don't change.
 It's choice time. You can do whatever you want.
 It must have a sense of feeling.
 No purpose is suicide.
 So what you do...
 create a false sense of purpose.
 I'll find you the word at the video.
 Imagine you're managing the schedule for a busy doctor,
 but he's already got some-
 appointment schedule this week. Your task is to fit into appointment requests, but here's the twi-
 The doctor prefers to have as many appointments as possible on a single day, rather than just...
 So let's say the doctor's schedule currently looks like this, and here's the new appointments that he-
 for seeing it for this week. You want to make sure that if there's an available time you feel it,
 but if there's already a lot of a-
 on one day, you want to prioritize putting the appointment on that day.
 So for this example, we would do this.
 Request 1 from 11.30 to 12.30 could be scheduled on day 3.
 Request...
 2 from 9 a.m. to 9 3 5 could also be put on day 3 and request 3
 one would likely go on day two since day one is empty and day three now has
 been
 one that we just scheduled blocking this time frame. You can see how this can get complicated really quickly.
 might be able to work at Nvidia.
 Imagine you're managing the schedule for a busy doctor,
 but he's already got some appointments scheduled this week.
 Your task is to-
 fit into appointment requests, but here's the twist.
 The doctor refers to have as many appointments as possible on a single day, rather than a
 bunch of them-
 spread out through B. So let's say the doctor's schedule currently looks like this. And here's the
 new appointments that he's received before this week. You want to make sure-
 that if there's an available time you fill it but if there's already a lot of
 appointments on one day you want to prioritize putting the appointment on that
 day. So for this example
 put on and request three from 12
 to 1 would likely go on A2 consistent.
 day one is empty and day three now has been requested.
 I want to make sure that if there's an available time, you fill it.
 But if there's already a lot of appointments on one day, you want to...
 put in the appointment on that day.
 So for this...
 solve this problem, you know?
 might be able to work at a video.
 Imagine you're managing the
 schedule for a busy doctor, but he's already got some appointments.
 It's scheduled this week. Your task is to fit in
 to a point they request, but here's the twist, and don't...
 The doctor refers to how as many appointments as possible on a-
 rather than a bunch of them spread out through...
 So let's say the doctor's schedule currently looks...
 like this, and here's the new appointments that he's received.
 today rather than a bunch of them
 So let's say the doctor's schedule currently looks like this, and here's the new appointment
 that he's received for this week.
 You want to make sure that if there's an available time,
 you fill it, but if there's already...
 lot of appointments on one day, you want to prioritize putting the appointment on that day. So for this example
 would do the following. Request 1 from 11.30 to 12.30 could be scheduled on day 3.
 Request 2 from 9 a.m. to 9 3 5 could also be put on day 3 and request 3
 12 to 1 would likely go on day 2, since day 1 is empty and day 3 now has
 Solve this problem, you might be able to work at a video.
 Imagine you're managing the schedule for a busy doctor,
 but he's already got some appointments scheduled this week.
 Your task is to fit into appointment requests, but here's the twist.
 The doctor prefers to have as many appointments as possible on a single day.
 rather than a bunch of them spread out through me. So let's say the doctor's schedule currently looks like this.
 And here's the new appointments that he's received.
 this week. You want to make sure that if there's an available time you fill it and if there's already
 a lot of appointments on one day you want to prioritize putting the appointment on that.
 So for this example, we would do the following.
 Request 1 from 11.30 to 12.30 could be scheduled on day 3.
 Request 2 from 9.30 to 12.30 could be scheduled on day 3.
 9 a.m. to 9.35 could also be put on day 3 and request 3 from 12 to 1 would likely go on day 2 since day 1 is empty.
 and day 3 now has request 1 that we just schedule blocking this time frame.
 You can see how this can get complicated really quickly, and if you think you can solve it...
 To do the work, that's the-
 Imagine you're managing the schedule for a busy doctor, but he's already got some employment
 scheduled this week. You're t-
 into appointment requests, but here's the twist. The doctor refers to have as many appointments
 as possible on a single day, rather than-
 a bunch of them spread out through the week. So let's say the doctor's schedule currently
 looks like this. And here's the new appointments that he's received.
 You want to make sure that if there's an available time you bill it, but if there's already a lot of appointments on one day
 You want to prioritize putting the appointment
 on that day. So for this example, we would do the following. Quest 1, from 11.30 to 12.30,
 could be scheduled on date.
 3 requests to from 9 a.m. to 9.5 could also be put on the 3 and request
 And day one is empty and day three now has request one that we just scheduled blocking this time frame
 schedule for a busy doctor.
 are supposed to be appointed scheduled this week. Your task is to fit into appointment requests,
 but here it's done.
 The doctor refers to have as many appointments as possible on a single day, rather than a bunch of them spread out-
 So let's say the doctor's schedule currently looks like this and here's the new appointments that he's received
 You want to make sure that if there's an available time you fill it, but if there's already a lot of appointments on one day.
 you want to prioritize putting the employment on that day. So for this example, we would do the
 following. Request one...
 from 11.30 to 12.30 could be scheduled on day three.
 Request two from 9 a.m. to 9.35
 could also be put on day three.
 And request 3 from 12 to 1 would likely go on day 2, since day 1 is empty and day 3 now has request 1.
 that we just scheduled blocking this time frame. You can see how this could get complicated really
 quickly and if you think you can solve it leave a comment down below with your
