 Out of what?
 I just want to do this really
 maybe they do now it's back then they could not teach and I didn't care
 about this shit. I didn't care about it masking all the, you know, CBU registers, I don't care.
 I think that might be another one of my spicy tanks that you're asking about.
 Like, I really don't think webdads need to care about CV.
 You should maybe understand caching and some of these things, but the majority of what you're doing
 you don't have to care about how, you know, the just in time.
 just accept the fact that it's going to be.
 I was saying people shouldn't do that.
 If you're passionate, you really want to hit that low level.
 I just know me. I'm kind of like an ideas guy that knew I could never afford to be able to do whatever they want, so I just started...
 I
 If you're in one of the three buckets one, you don't like
 And I kid you not, I was for this really fun project when I was in college, and the goal was to develop a genetic al...
 to solve this resource allocation problem.
 than doing AI code so it was less spiky work more like from people too you're like me and you're
 And I came up with the first major assignment had zero code. It was six pages of pure math. And that was six pages of polys-
 The actual solution to 1980s is to write out the new algebra, mobility, statistics, that's just the starting point.
 Now, unfortunately to become like a really successful machine learning research scientist
 I've got an industrial hearing now that it's a joke.
 I had a-
 I never said it, but it's true that she imagined your engineering to be how easy it is compared to everything else.
 Sorry.
 civil engineer, biomedical, I mean are you a doctor or are you an engineer, what's going
 on?
 Engineering, I mean, please solve problem 6. Mechanical Engineering, I mean, with the math and the physics, at least you get to mess around with robots, so that's a lie! If you're clear, I-
 और जदी आपी तो यादवें की दास करादी मिख्षी क्यो।
 I'm going to show you how to do it in the first place.
 I'm going to show you how to do it in the second place.
 I'm going to show you how to do it in the third place.
 Welcome, every human.
 experience. You never know which one is going to turn it all on.
 the bad experience. Sometimes from the bitterest experience coming.
 the greatest awakening. So let down the barriers, take down the walls. The same wall that keeps
 our disappointment, keeps our happiness.
 Let life touch you, don't let it kill you, let it touch, sometimes t-
 Maybe it's a song, maybe it's a sermon, maybe it's a lecture.
 Syllinar, maybe it's the conversation of a friend, a happening, an event?
 So, send down the barriers, take down...
 The safe wall that keeps our disappointment keeps our happiness.
 Let my touch, don't let it kill me, let it touch
 Sometimes desire waits and sleeps for something to happen, maybe...
 Maybe it's a book, maybe it's a song, maybe it's a sermon, maybe it's a lecture, a seminar.
 Maybe it's the conversation of a friend, a happening, an event, who knows what it would be.
 Some people have done the most incredible things.
 Hello.
 Can you explain yourself?
 Again.
 You're missing your life gets one job
 The sorting had looked at every incoming student and told them where they belong.
 this morning had looked at every
 students and told them where they belong.
 It also raises four questions.
 What am I already? What bias be stability? What bias be optionality?
 If the interest does not fall into one...
 of these four categories. It has no job. You know, in life and in our careers, we go through seasons.
 change, so do our interests, but in this season, they do it right now, each interest that you have.
 That's what he's going to return to the same day.
 AI will replace all of the builders.
 Syntaxio said within 12 months AI will be doing all the coding.
 And in this video, he pointed out how Codex and AI coding tool will be replacing developers.
 What people are missing is that developers were never hired to beat voters.
 We're not code monkeys, ranchiers!
 The actual code generation makes only about 50% of the software to do its job.
 The rest is actual problem solving system.
 And in the age of AI, developers are actually spending more time learning the art of fronting
 AI models to
 So, until we have AI that is smart enough to be in our mind, know exactly what we want, how we...
 Can you explain yourselves? Who are you?
 I need to learn about-
 wants to be Calvin A.I. and zero. And I get it.
 What are the salaries there and things that can't be disproved at all?
 Honestly, it's one of the most exciting rules in tech right now.
 But here's the problem.
 Most people have no idea where to actually...
 Explain what is
 explain what is
 AI and who is the founder of AI, artificial intelligence.
 That's a good one.
 Somewhere in India, try to be a monk. I had none.
 I learned something that changed my life forever while I was sitting on a cold stone floor in a monastery somewhere in India trying to be a monk.
 I had not eaten for days. No money, no career, no identity. I had run away from home.
 carrying years of trauma and shame so one day I asked my mom teacher why do I still
 A lot of programmers are using GPT or using...
 Let's go through a few demos. Now, let's say we were happy with this and we actually wanted to
 do this. Well, Codex can do that as well. Using a really cool tool called
 Subjection.
 Alright, so what can this thing do? Let's go through a few down-ups.
 And let's say we were happy with this and we actually wanted to deploy this.
 Well, Codex can do that as well, using a really
 quote-unquote here, don now.
 So if you actually just go to this URL,
 turn on the count, you don't have to do anything.
 Alright, so what can this thing do? Let's go through a few demos.
 Now let's say we were happy with this and we actually wanted to deploy this.
 Well, Codex can do that as well, using a really
 control cult here. Now
 Alright, so what can this thing do? Let's go through a few downloads.
 Now, let's say we are happy with this and we actually like to deploy this, well, codecs can do that as well, using a really
 here.now. So if you actually just go to this URL, you don't need to count. You don't have to do anything.
 Just press this copy button and just paste it.
 Let's go through a few demos now. Let's say we were happy with this and we actually wanted to deploy this well codecs
 Can do that as well using a really cool tool called
 are done now. So if you actually just go to this URL, you don't need to count. You don't
 have to do anything. You can just press this call button and just paste it.
 Hi, can you explain what is AI, Artificial Intelligence?
 Hi! Can you explain what is AI? Artificial Intelligence
 Hi, can you explain what is artificial intelligence?
 Hi, can you explain what is artificial intelligence?
 Hi, what is a neural net?
 Hi, what is a neural network?
 What is a larger language model means in the context of AI?
 Hi, what is the neural net?
 What is a vector database?
 What is bioinformatics?
 wattage and neural network.
 It's a history of fear.
 Explain the history of AI, Artificial Intelligence.
 What is Gitters and Setters in Python?
 Can you explain about Plant Take Indu?
 What is the larger language model?
 Can we explain about artificial intelligence?
 What is artificial intelligence?
 What is artificial intelligence?
 That is Artificial Intelligence.
 What is artificial intelligence?
 What is a neural network?
 What is a Wicked Database?
 What is the neural network?
 This is a test, explain artificial intelligence.
 Hi, can you explain what is artificial intelligence?
 What is the neural network?
 What is a neural network?
 What is the neural network?
 What is a neural network?
 What is a neural network?
 What is the neural network?
 What is the neural network?
 What is Artificial Intelligence?
 Hi, can you explain what is the vector database?
 What is a vector database and explain the neural network?
 What is n-vector database and explain what is the neural network?
 You won't dismiss it, so I need to redesign you. What's your idea?
 When it comes to AI, most people are building on sand.
 What you need instead is a strong,
 intelligent architecture that's...
 When it comes to AI, most people are building on sand.
 What you need instead is a strong, intelligent architecture that's built...
 on a bedrock.
 Fourth.
 When it comes to EI, most people are building on sand.
 What you need instead is a strong,
 intelligent architecture that's built on...
 The ground is your grounding. AI has a dangerous habit. It can sound to bits without being accurate.
 It's worth the cost.
 When it comes to AI, most people are building on sand.
 What you need instead is a strong, intelligent architecture
 that's built-
 When it comes to AI, most people are building on sand.
 What you need instead is a strong,
 intelligent architecture that's built.
 on a bedrock.
 Most people are building on sand. What you need instead is a strong,
 intelligent architecture that's built on a bedrock for
 What is a neural network?
 Okay, that mean you can understand me
 Hi, what is the vector database?
 What is artificial intelligence?
 Hi, what is a larger language model in the context of AI?
 Hi, can you explain the human existence?
 What is artificial intelligence?
 You don't have a learning problem, you have a working memory problem.
 Working memory is tiny.
 Real learning happens when the material gets...
 You won't have a learning problem, have a working memory, or a working memory.
 It's time for your learning habits when the material gets...
 like notebook lm seems to speed and shape of that process here's how the brain moves information
 in too long
 As an AI engineer, especially in 1926, the thing is, getting an L-
 I'd love to give you a decent response.
 That GTP is relatively easy, right?
 We're getting it to give you a reliable, consistent...
 to give you a decent response instead of chat.
 If you see, it's relatively easy, right?
 I'm getting it to give you a reliable...
 consistent structured response and a production code based benefit completely
 ஐய் பாண்ணியோ கோட்டிரு, பட்டியோ தீங்க வருட்டு
 Can you explain human existence?
 You know what I end up I will lend a filter to you
 Can you explain who are you? What is your purpose?
 Can you explain how to debug the code?
 let's discuss about something something cool
 let's discuss about some facts
 How to set up a virtual environment in python I mean how to really
 She likes it
 how to create a virtual environment in python
 We need to gather the data that we're going to find out, and this is the most important.
 step. If you have bad data, you're going to have a poorly defined model. So make sure that you take your time here.
 That most yeah, so what is it like first one is I door this stands for insecure direct object reference
 because it's literally just as simple as iterating a number, right?
 And it can result in a bomb.
 And also these labs are live at ZTW.ctbb.shelter.com
 Okay, so we go ahead and start the iDoor lab and you'll end up in this environment here, right? The example here is that
 your user with ID3 and your request information for user ID1. Okay, so let's go take
 credentials now we're looking at Diana Miller's account. Okay, we can see that we're ID number four up here in the
 We change that to 5 and look at that.
 We're looking at somebody else's private information for ebbsmen.
 because it's literally just as simple as iterating a number, right?
 And it can result in a vulnerability.
 So let me show you what I'm...
 Interrating a number right and it can result in a vulnerability. So let me show you what I'm talking about here
 And also these labs are
 The first one is IDOR. This stands for Insecure Direct Object Reference.
 And man, this is such a fun moment.
 the reality because it's literally just as simple as iterating a number, right?
 and it can result in a vulnerability.
 So let me show you what I'm talking about here.
 And also, these labs are live at Z-
 www.ctvv.show
 you can still go play with them when this airs.
 Okay, so we go ahead and start the iDoor lab
 and you'll end up in this.
 user with ID three and your quest information for user ID one. Okay, so let's go take a
 look at that. If we click to the lab tab and we
 Explain something new.
 What is a state machine?
 This is a testing.
 This is my last test.
 What is a state machine?
 What is one shot pledge mean?
 On est le bêtement.
 S'accuper à ce qu'on ait dit...
 something like this. At the very top we have Spark Core which is the API that is abstracted out
 it's multiple languages like R, SQL, and Python, among others.
 to allow you to use the code that you've already written and plug directly into the smart engine.
 R SQL and Python among others to allow you to use the code that you've already
 and plug directly into the spark plug.
 That preloads a large language model with an entire knowledge base into the model's context window.
 That knowledge base could be proprietary information, or it could be new stuff that came out after the little completed pre-trend-
 Now, several viewers who watch my RAG vs CAG video asked how CAG is any different from
 from just manually loading a prompt with all your documents.
 We don't store raw data like text or images directly.
 Instead we use an embedding model to convert that data into an i-dimensional vector.
 Essentially a long list of numbers by these, the caption...
 Now these vectors are then stored and used for research and so it might affect the...
 to this video of you ask where are the dimensions and their corresponding scales specifically
 question because unlike a traditional database where each column has a clear label and unit,
 mentions in the effective embedding, they're not predefined. They're learned during training.
 Ab strength, remember...
 features that don't really come with human readable faith.
 Occasionally you might find that one dimension correlates with something intuitive like colour, intensity and images.
 or sentiment in text but generally we treat the vector holistically relying on measures like post
 Thanks for watching.
 I'll see you in the next video.
 Bye.
 in the effect of emphatic, they're not predefined.
 They're learned during training.
 Have strength, be miracle.
 that don't really come with human readable names.
 Now, occasionally you might find that one domain
 which I mentioned correlates with something in two.
 Google's most intelligent open model to date is now available.
 Here are four things to know about the new Java...
 1. Gemma 4 comes in 4 versatile sizes. Effective 2B, effective 4B.
 Make sure to experts
It's about skills someone with better skills can apply to 10x more jobs than you learn 10x faster
see if these two can still cost the menu.
For example, there is a scale called
career of culture buys to hundreds of
There is a skill called HTML everything which converts any research paper
skill called K Man which reduces token usage by 10x and we are entering the next
What are you saying? You're interacting with it?
So come on
skills and I'll set you all up in your DM.
Can you explain python pathlip module?
Hi, how can I structure my python project?
What is Python data classes?
Okay, explain something new to me, something new.
What is the neuron?
Explain more about this.
What is a neuron in the context of AI?
Okay, now you are working but I need to edit your files
you don't have access because I didn't give you the access
